Produce warning if tx.gasprice is used on Substrate (#287)
hyperledger-labs/solang: docs/language.rst

``tx`` properties
+++++++++++++++++

.. _gasprice:

uint128 ``tx.gasprice``
    The price of one unit of gas. This field cannot be used on Parity Substrate, the explanation
    is in the warning box below.

uint128 ``tx.gasprice(uint64 gas)``
    The total price of `gas` units of gas.

> .. warning::
>     On Parity Substrate, the cost of one gas unit may not be an exact whole round value. In fact,
>     if the gas price is less than 1 it may round down to 0, giving the incorrect appearance gas is free.
>     Therefore, avoid the ``tx.gasprice`` member in favour of the function ``tx.gasprice(uint64 gas)``.
> 
>     This function is not available on the Ethereum Foundation Solidity compiler.

Reviewer: I think an example goes a long way here. You probably need to modify/correct my suggestion before comitting because I messed up the language and syntax of that comment:

```suggestion
.. warning::
    On Parity Substrate, the cost of one gas unit may not be an exact whole round value. In fact,
    if the gas price is less than 1 it may round down to 0, giving the incorrect appearance gas is free.
    Therefore, avoid the ``tx.gasprice`` member in favour of the function ``tx.gasprice(uint64 gas)``.
    
    One should always calculate the complete gas amount and pass that into ``tx.gasprice(uint64 gas)`` rather
    than using the result of the function in a larger function where possible.
    
    **Don't** do
    ```
    uint128 cost = num_items * tx.gasprice(gas_per_item);
    ```

    Rather:
    ```
    uint128 cost = tx.gasprice(num_items * gas_per_item);
    ```

    This function is not available on the Ethereum Foundation Solidity compiler.
```

Author: That example is very useful. Thanks, I've added it.
